so a couple days ago oneplus officially
stated that they are supporting 30 watts
wireless charging on the oneplus a pro
which is very exciting for a lot of
people like we've never had wireless
charging capabilities on any one plus
phone so it's really cool that they
finally brought it into the device line
but as I looked at this article I was
like I had never actually seen the specs
before because I like I did some early
design coverage like some of the leaked
aesthetic design of the phone I never
actually looked at the specs until
yesterday and some of it is still
rumored but a lot of it has been
confirmed by one plus but we're looking
at stuff like 120 Hertz screen
snapdragon 865 5g support superfast Ram
superfast or just got that 30 watt
wireless charging feature it's got a
single hole punch camera up front it's
got a triple camera system in the back
and the whole thing is now IP certified
water-resistant so the whole phone is
like it's clearly feature packed you
look at that list and the first thing
that came to mind well two things first
thing is like wow that's very impressive
but the main thing the main thing that
jumped out at me was like this is now a
bonafide flagship phone like this is the
first truly flagship phone that one-plus
has ever put out in my opinion like
they've always had phones that they
labeled as flagship but they always had
features that were missing like the
wireless charging and like water
resistance or at least IP certified
water resistance and when I take a step
back and I kind of look at the timeline
of what oneplus is done over the years
it's very impressive what they've done
like it's been a six-year ride for them
they went from nothing to a at least in
the enthusiast crowd a well-known name
for smartphones but they're now
competitive like they can actually make
smart phones that compete with the best
manufacturers out there they were just
really impressive but over the years I
feel like they've had to kind of tweak
their formula kind of adjust what their
goals were every year to kind of like
tweak things and shift things but over
the past couple of years they've been
really focused on speed like making
these phones super fast to the point of
like they've been tunnel visioned on
speed to the point of almost exclusion
of everything else and sometimes that
focus is great like they were one of the
first phones out there that brought high
refresh screens to consumer phones like
there were gaming phones like the ROG
phones like the two razor phones
there were other companies that were
bringing high refresh screens but they
were clearly gaming oriented this was a
phone like the 1 plus 7 Pro was a screen
that was like it was geared just to the
enthusiast the smartphone enthusiast
that cared about speed and they did a
really good job at it and they also made
it a desirable thing right now a lot of
other companies are bringing in high
refresh screens and they're now bumping
theirs to 120 Hertz this year and
oneplus phones also have incredibly fast
face unlocks incredibly fast fingerprint
unlocks like they have some of the
fastest mechanisms built into their
phones even their collaborations with
brands like they go for race car
companies like they're clearly
interested in speed even their storage
the running UF s3 storage very fast
stuff and the RAM on the oneplus a pro
lpddr4
it's just it's bleeding edge super fast
stuff even they're charging like I feel
like I'm driving the point a little bit
hard here but if you think about phones
like one plus three I think was the one
plus three the first included the -
charger like they were already including
well at the time super fast charging
into the phones we look at that you know
20-25 were charging now and it's not
super impressive but they've always
tried to incorporate like the fast
experience for their user base it was
what they were good at now there is a
flip side to this because there are
disadvantages when the company is so
focused on this whole thing about fast
experience when you look at older
oneplus phones and you look at their
lack of wireless charging it's weird
right these are glass backed phones you
could easily put Qi wireless charging
into this stuff if you want it's not
super expensive there's like $5 mods out
there we can upgrade like older oneplus
phones support wireless charging it's
very doable but the reason why at least
they claim the reason why they didn't
put it in was because they they weren't
satisfied with the speed of wireless
charging back there so for three or four
years we just did not have wireless
charging on oneplus phones even though
everyone else in the world was getting
it they didn't support it because they
do not find the speeds sufficient to
their vision of what a 1 plus phone
should provide for their user base and
like you see what I'm saying that's kind
of like okay I mean I I understand that
you're going for speed but we don't get
wireless charging for a year
there's the other bigger problem of
pricing because when you want to have
the fastest phone possible and you want
to try to provide the best smoothest and
speediest experience for your user base
you have to put in bleeding-edge parts
you have to put in very expensive
storage it to put in expensive Ram it's
put an expense of everything expensive
screens the whole phone becomes very
expensive and that's one of the reasons
why one plus pricing has just gone up in
Upper veers because they've been so
focused on that goal of the fastest user
experience so this is my question at
what point does this pursuit of speed
become something that's just like a
little too much like I don't know the
fault the pricing of these 1+8 phones
yet we won't know until next week but
there's a part of me that's like I love
the idea of a smart phone
that's super fast I enjoy that speed a
lot of people do but these phones are
becoming crazy expensive because of that
pursuit and it's not just the SOC right
it's the RAM the storage the display the
charging like every component of these
flagship phones has to be focused on
performance built to fit that whole
design mantra of speed is important and
also we'll be surprised if that focus
effects there like their their
decision-making when it comes to adding
new features like what if they have some
offbeat idea that isn't focused on
performance if I have a feeling it
wouldn't fit into their designs because
there's just so tunnel visioned on speed
right now so if your oneplus van or even
if you're not is performance super
important to you or do you feel like
companies should focus on things that
aren't just speed speed speed like I
feel like there's personally I feel like
there's a lot more to phones than just
performance but I'd like to hear what
you think ok hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs if you liked it subs if you
loved it I'll see you guys next time
I think I said the word speed like 200
times this video
[Music]